README.md, before:

# clpm - Command Line Project Manager

Command Line Project Manager (clpm) is designed to make managing sets of files easier. Files can be grouped into projects and then each file can be edited with a simple command: f \[space\]\[letter representing file\] \[ENTER\]. Sets of commands can also be associated with the group.

## Synopsis

    $ p v "My Vimfiles" # create a new project with shortcut "v" called "My Vimfiles"
    $ p                 # list all projects
    Projects:
    * v          My Vimfiles

    $ f r .vimrc                     # add .vimrc to this project with shortcut "r"
    $ f c .vim/colors/vividchalk.vim # add this file with shortcut "c"
    $ f                              # list all files in the current project
    Project: v (My Vimfiles)
    Current files:
    r .vimrc                                             /home/dbradford
    c vividchalk.vim                                     /home/dbradford/.vim/colors

    $ f c # edit file assigned to "c" with vim

    $ fa  # edit all files in project with vim

    $ . d t # cd to directory containing file with shortcut "t"
            # you can do it without the '.' if you set up alias d='. d'

    $ x t ". d m;make test" # add command with shortcut "t"
    $ x t                   # execute command assigned to shortcut "t"
    t/DMB.t .. ok
    All tests successful.
    Files=1, Tests=1,  0 wallclock secs ( 0.05 usr  0.02 sys +  0.05 cusr
    0.03 csys =  0.14 CPU)
    Result: PASS

    $ . v # assign all projects files to shell variables in the current shell
          # you can do it without the '.' if you set up alias v='. v'
    r=/home/dbradford/.vimrc
    c=/home/dbradford/.vim/colors/vividchalk.vim

    $ cat $c >>$r # use shell commands to work with this set of files

Note: if the set of files changes you will need to run `v` again.

## Installation

Put "p" in your `$PATH` and then create these links to p in the same directory:

    f     # edit file
    fa    # edit all files
    x     # execute command
    xa    # execute all commands
    z     # get help
    zdir  # get directory of file (typically not used directly by user)

Separate scripts, put somewhere in `$PATH`

    af    # find and add files
    d     # change to directory of specified file
    v     # set shell variables for file shortcuts

Add the following lines to your `.bash_profile`:

    alias d='. d'
    alias v='. v'

## Author

David M. Bradford, [davembradford@gmail.com](mailto:davembradford@gmail.com)

## License

Copyright (C) 2014, 2015 David M. Bradford

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ .

## Todo
1. Add tests to cover all functionality
1. Create installer
1. Docs should cover same material between 'p --help' and 'README.md'
1. Create video documenting use
1. Create blog post based on documentation

## Detailed Usage

### Get help

    $ z # or p --help or f --help or x --help etc
    Command Line Program Managers (clpm) v1.0
    Help commands:
                z  - this listing
    Organization commands:
                f  - manage files
                    examples:
                    show list of files:    $ f
                    edit file 1, 3, and L: $ f 13L
                    edit all files:        $ fa
                    add file to the list : $ f , /tmp/a.dmb /etc/hosts /etc/passwd
                    add file with label L: $ f L /tmp/a.dmb
                    remove file 1, 3, L  : $ f -13L
                x  - manage commands (same basic format as f)
                    examples:
                    show list of cmds:     $ x
                    run cmd 1, 3, and L:   $ x 13L
                    edit cmd 1, 3, and L:  $ x .13L
                    edit all cmds:         $ xa
                    add cmd to the list :  $ x , 'echo hey' 'Optional Label'
                        NOTE: surround command with quotes
                    add cmd with label L:  $ x L 'echo howdy; echo there' 'Optional Label'
                    remove cmd 1, 3, L  :  $ x -13L
                p  - change project/view list of projects
                    show project list:     $ p
                    switch to project:     $ p myproj
                    remove project:        $ p -myproj
    Current project: sst


### Get project listing

    $ p
    Projects:
      f          rpg fight simulator
      go         getopts experiment
    * sst        shell script template


### Create a new project

    $ p s 'Shopping Cart'
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:

    $ p
    Projects:
      f          rpg fight simulator
      go         getopts experiment
    * s          Shopping Cart
      sst        shell script template


### Add some files

    $ find .
    .
    ./ShoppingCart
    ./ShoppingCart/Changes
    ./ShoppingCart/lib
    ./ShoppingCart/lib/ShoppingCart.pm
    ./ShoppingCart/Makefile.PL
    ./ShoppingCart/MANIFEST
    ./ShoppingCart/README
    ./ShoppingCart/t
    ./ShoppingCart/t/ShoppingCart.t
    ./www
    ./www/page
    ./www/page/items.html
    ./www/page/login.html
    ./www/page/shopping_cart.html
    ./www/script
    ./www/script/cartItems.js
    ./www/style
    ./www/style/home.css

    $ cd ShoppingCart/

    $ ls -l
    total 7
    -rw-rw-r--  1 dbradford None  157 Jan 17 16:34 Changes
    drwxrwxr-x+ 1 dbradford None    0 Jan 17 16:34 lib
    -rw-rw-r--  1 dbradford None  564 Jan 17 16:34 Makefile.PL
    -rw-rw-r--  1 dbradford None   73 Jan 17 16:34 MANIFEST
    -rw-rw-r--  1 dbradford None 1191 Jan 17 16:34 README
    drwxrwxr-x+ 1 dbradford None    0 Jan 17 16:34 t

    $ f m Makefile.PL

    $ f t t/ShoppingCart.t

    $ f s lib/ShoppingCart.pm

    $ f
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Add some more files (note case sensitivity)

    $ f C Changes

    $ f M MANIFEST

    $ f R README

    $ f
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    C Changes                           /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    M MANIFEST                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    R README                            /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Edit a couple files

    $ f st
    2 files to edit


### Edit all files

    $ fa
    6 files to edit


### Remove one file, then remove two others

    $ f -R

    $ f -CM

    $ f
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Add a command, then run it

    $ x p 'perl Makefile.PL'

    $ x p
    perl Makefile.PL
    Checking if your kit is complete...
    Looks good
    Writing Makefile for ShoppingCart
    Writing MYMETA.yml and MYMETA.json


### Add and run more commands, then run them

    $ x t 'make test'

    $ x t
    make test
    cp lib/ShoppingCart.pm blib/lib/ShoppingCart.pm
    PERL_DL_NONLAZY=1 /usr/bin/perl.exe "-MExtUtils::Command::MM" "-e"
    "test_harness(0, 'blib/lib', 'blib/arch')" t/*.t
    t/ShoppingCart.t .. ok
    All tests successful.
    Files=1, Tests=1,  0 wallclock secs ( 0.03 usr  0.05 sys +  0.03 cusr  0.12 csys =  0.23 CPU)
    Result: PASS

    $ x c
    make clean
    rm -f \
      tmon.out ShoppingCart.def \
      MYMETA.yml perl \
      mon.out blibdirs.ts \
      perlmain.c *perl.core \
      so_locations MYMETA.json \
      blib/arch/auto/ShoppingCart/extralibs.all core.*perl.*.? \
      *.a blib/arch/auto/ShoppingCart/extralibs.ld \
      *.o pm_to_blib.ts \
      core.[0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9] core.[0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9] \
      core.[0-9] ShoppingCart.bso \
      libShoppingCart.def core.[0-9][0-9][0-9] \
      ShoppingCart.x Makefile.aperl \
      core ShoppingCart.exp \
       pm_to_blib \
      perl.exe core.[0-9][0-9] \
      perl.exe
    rm -rf \
      blib
    mv Makefile Makefile.old > /dev/null 2>&1

    $ x C 'make realclean'

    $ x C
    make realclean
    rm -f \
      ShoppingCart.x libShoppingCart.def \
      ShoppingCart.bso Makefile.aperl \
      *.o ShoppingCart.def \
      so_locations mon.out \
      perlmain.c core.[0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9] \
      MYMETA.yml core.[0-9][0-9] \
      core.*perl.*.? blib/arch/auto/ShoppingCart/extralibs.all \
      *.a core \
      core.[0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9] core.[0-9] \
      perl.exe pm_to_blib.ts \
      tmon.out core.[0-9][0-9][0-9] \
      *perl.core MYMETA.json \
      perl.exe blib/arch/auto/ShoppingCart/extralibs.ld \
      pm_to_blib ShoppingCart.exp \
       blibdirs.ts \
      perl
    rm -rf \
      blib
    mv Makefile Makefile.old > /dev/null 2>&1
    rm -f \
      Makefile.old Makefile
    rm -rf \
      ShoppingCart-0.01


### Run two commands in sequence

    $ x pt
    perl Makefile.PL
    Checking if your kit is complete...
    Looks good
    Writing Makefile for ShoppingCart
    Writing MYMETA.yml and MYMETA.json
    make test
    cp lib/ShoppingCart.pm blib/lib/ShoppingCart.pm
    PERL_DL_NONLAZY=1 /usr/bin/perl.exe "-MExtUtils::Command::MM" "-e"
    "test_harness(0, 'blib/lib', 'blib/arch')" t/*.t
    t/ShoppingCart.t .. ok
    All tests successful.
    Files=1, Tests=1,  0 wallclock secs ( 0.03 usr  0.02 sys +  0.03 cusr  0.05 csys =  0.12 CPU)
    Result: PASS


### xa (run all commands) exists, may not be helpful depending on command order


### Add more files in other directories

    $ pwd
    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart

    $ cd ..

    $ ls
    ShoppingCart  www

    $ cd www

    $ f h page/
    items.html          login.html          shopping_cart.html

    $ f h page/shopping_cart.html

    $ f j script/cartItems.js

    $ f c style/home.css

    $ f
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    h shopping_cart.html                /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Change to the directory of a given file

    $ . d s # you can do it without the '.' if you set up alias d='. d'

    $ pwd
    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib

    $ . d c

    $ pwd
    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style


### Use af to locate and add more files

    $ pwd
    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart

    $ export AF_DIR=`pwd`

    $ af html
    0 ./www/page/items.html
    1 ./www/page/login.html
    2 ./www/page/shopping_cart.html


### Use v to assign full file paths to shell variables

    $ . v # you can do it without the '.' if you set up alias v='. v'
    j=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script/cartItems.js
    t=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t/ShoppingCart.t
    h=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page/shopping_cart.html
    s=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib/ShoppingCart.pm
    c=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style/home.css
    m=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/Makefile.PL
    l=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page/login.html

    $ cp $l $l.sv

    $ cp $s $l

    $ less $l


### Copy projects with 'p cp'

    $ p
    Projects:
      f          rpg fight simulator
      go         getopts experiment
      sst        shell script template
    * s          Shopping Cart

    $ p cp s sw
    Project: sw (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    l login.html                        /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Then rename the new project

    $ p sw 'Shopping Cart (rework)'
    Project: sw (Shopping Cart (rework))
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    l login.html                        /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Move projects with 'p mv'

    $ p mv sw rw
    Project: rw (Shopping Cart (rework))
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    l login.html                        /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Search projects with 'p \?text'

    $ p \?shop
    Projects:
      rw         Shopping Cart (rework)
      s          Shopping Cart

    $ p ?rework
    Project: rw (Shopping Cart (rework))
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    l login.html                        /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t

Commit message:

add profile specifics and tech notes to doc and remove legacy data file and add returns to p

README.md, after:

# clpm - Command Line Project Manager

Command Line Project Manager (clpm) is designed to make managing sets of files easier. Files can be grouped into projects and then each file can be edited with a simple command: f \[space\]\[letter representing file\] \[ENTER\]. Sets of commands can also be associated with the group.

## Synopsis

    $ p v "My Vimfiles" # create a new project with shortcut "v" called "My Vimfiles"
    $ p                 # list all projects
    Projects:
    * v          My Vimfiles

    $ f r .vimrc                     # add .vimrc to this project with shortcut "r"
    $ f c .vim/colors/vividchalk.vim # add this file with shortcut "c"
    $ f                              # list all files in the current project
    Project: v (My Vimfiles)
    Current files:
    r .vimrc                                             /home/dbradford
    c vividchalk.vim                                     /home/dbradford/.vim/colors

    $ f c # edit file assigned to "c" with vim

    $ fa  # edit all files in project with vim

    $ . d t # cd to directory containing file with shortcut "t"
            # you can do it without the '.' if you set up alias d='. d'

    $ x t ". d m;make test" # add command with shortcut "t"
    $ x t                   # execute command assigned to shortcut "t"
    t/DMB.t .. ok
    All tests successful.
    Files=1, Tests=1,  0 wallclock secs ( 0.05 usr  0.02 sys +  0.05 cusr
    0.03 csys =  0.14 CPU)
    Result: PASS

    $ . v # assign all projects files to shell variables in the current shell
          # you can do it without the '.' if you set up alias v='. v'
    r=/home/dbradford/.vimrc
    c=/home/dbradford/.vim/colors/vividchalk.vim

    $ cat $c >>$r # use shell commands to work with this set of files

Note: if the set of files changes you will need to run `v` again.

## Installation

Put "p" in your `$PATH` and then create these links to p in the same directory:

    f     # edit file
    fa    # edit all files
    x     # execute command
    xa    # execute all commands
    z     # get help
    zdir  # get directory of file (typically not used directly by user)

Separate scripts, put somewhere in `$PATH`

    af    # find and add files
    d     # change to directory of specified file
    v     # set shell variables for file shortcuts

Add the following lines to your `.cshrc` file (for csh and tcsh), `.profile`
(for sh and ksh), or `.bash_profile` (for bash):

    alias d='. d'
    alias v='. v'

## Author

David M. Bradford, [davembradford@gmail.com](mailto:davembradford@gmail.com)

## License

Copyright (C) 2014, 2015 David M. Bradford

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ .

## Todo

1. Add tests to cover all functionality
1. Create installer
1. Docs should cover same material between 'p --help' and 'README.md'
1. Create video documenting use
1. Create blog post based on documentation

## Technical Notes
1. `clpm` uses `Data::Dumper` and `eval` for persistance. It used `Storable` initially, but after two separate instances of data corruption, that was abandoned in favor of `YAML`, which in turn wasn't available in many environments.

## Detailed Usage

### Get help

    $ z # or p --help or f --help or x --help etc
    Command Line Program Managers (clpm) v1.0
    Help commands:
                z  - this listing
    Organization commands:
                f  - manage files
                    examples:
                    show list of files:    $ f
                    edit file 1, 3, and L: $ f 13L
                    edit all files:        $ fa
                    add file to the list : $ f , /tmp/a.dmb /etc/hosts /etc/passwd
                    add file with label L: $ f L /tmp/a.dmb
                    remove file 1, 3, L  : $ f -13L
                x  - manage commands (same basic format as f)
                    examples:
                    show list of cmds:     $ x
                    run cmd 1, 3, and L:   $ x 13L
                    edit cmd 1, 3, and L:  $ x .13L
                    edit all cmds:         $ xa
                    add cmd to the list :  $ x , 'echo hey' 'Optional Label'
                        NOTE: surround command with quotes
                    add cmd with label L:  $ x L 'echo howdy; echo there' 'Optional Label'
                    remove cmd 1, 3, L  :  $ x -13L
                p  - change project/view list of projects
                    show project list:     $ p
                    switch to project:     $ p myproj
                    remove project:        $ p -myproj
    Current project: sst


### Get project listing

    $ p
    Projects:
      f          rpg fight simulator
      go         getopts experiment
    * sst        shell script template


### Create a new project

    $ p s 'Shopping Cart'
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:

    $ p
    Projects:
      f          rpg fight simulator
      go         getopts experiment
    * s          Shopping Cart
      sst        shell script template


### Add some files

    $ find .
    .
    ./ShoppingCart
    ./ShoppingCart/Changes
    ./ShoppingCart/lib
    ./ShoppingCart/lib/ShoppingCart.pm
    ./ShoppingCart/Makefile.PL
    ./ShoppingCart/MANIFEST
    ./ShoppingCart/README
    ./ShoppingCart/t
    ./ShoppingCart/t/ShoppingCart.t
    ./www
    ./www/page
    ./www/page/items.html
    ./www/page/login.html
    ./www/page/shopping_cart.html
    ./www/script
    ./www/script/cartItems.js
    ./www/style
    ./www/style/home.css

    $ cd ShoppingCart/

    $ ls -l
    total 7
    -rw-rw-r--  1 dbradford None  157 Jan 17 16:34 Changes
    drwxrwxr-x+ 1 dbradford None    0 Jan 17 16:34 lib
    -rw-rw-r--  1 dbradford None  564 Jan 17 16:34 Makefile.PL
    -rw-rw-r--  1 dbradford None   73 Jan 17 16:34 MANIFEST
    -rw-rw-r--  1 dbradford None 1191 Jan 17 16:34 README
    drwxrwxr-x+ 1 dbradford None    0 Jan 17 16:34 t

    $ f m Makefile.PL

    $ f t t/ShoppingCart.t

    $ f s lib/ShoppingCart.pm

    $ f
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Add some more files (note case sensitivity)

    $ f C Changes

    $ f M MANIFEST

    $ f R README

    $ f
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    C Changes                           /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    M MANIFEST                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    R README                            /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Edit a couple files

    $ f st
    2 files to edit


### Edit all files

    $ fa
    6 files to edit


### Remove one file, then remove two others

    $ f -R

    $ f -CM

    $ f
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Add a command, then run it

    $ x p 'perl Makefile.PL'

    $ x p
    perl Makefile.PL
    Checking if your kit is complete...
    Looks good
    Writing Makefile for ShoppingCart
    Writing MYMETA.yml and MYMETA.json


### Add and run more commands, then run them

    $ x t 'make test'

    $ x t
    make test
    cp lib/ShoppingCart.pm blib/lib/ShoppingCart.pm
    PERL_DL_NONLAZY=1 /usr/bin/perl.exe "-MExtUtils::Command::MM" "-e"
    "test_harness(0, 'blib/lib', 'blib/arch')" t/*.t
    t/ShoppingCart.t .. ok
    All tests successful.
    Files=1, Tests=1,  0 wallclock secs ( 0.03 usr  0.05 sys +  0.03 cusr  0.12 csys =  0.23 CPU)
    Result: PASS

    $ x c
    make clean
    rm -f \
      tmon.out ShoppingCart.def \
      MYMETA.yml perl \
      mon.out blibdirs.ts \
      perlmain.c *perl.core \
      so_locations MYMETA.json \
      blib/arch/auto/ShoppingCart/extralibs.all core.*perl.*.? \
      *.a blib/arch/auto/ShoppingCart/extralibs.ld \
      *.o pm_to_blib.ts \
      core.[0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9] core.[0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9] \
      core.[0-9] ShoppingCart.bso \
      libShoppingCart.def core.[0-9][0-9][0-9] \
      ShoppingCart.x Makefile.aperl \
      core ShoppingCart.exp \
       pm_to_blib \
      perl.exe core.[0-9][0-9] \
      perl.exe
    rm -rf \
      blib
    mv Makefile Makefile.old > /dev/null 2>&1

    $ x C 'make realclean'

    $ x C
    make realclean
    rm -f \
      ShoppingCart.x libShoppingCart.def \
      ShoppingCart.bso Makefile.aperl \
      *.o ShoppingCart.def \
      so_locations mon.out \
      perlmain.c core.[0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9] \
      MYMETA.yml core.[0-9][0-9] \
      core.*perl.*.? blib/arch/auto/ShoppingCart/extralibs.all \
      *.a core \
      core.[0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9][0-9] core.[0-9] \
      perl.exe pm_to_blib.ts \
      tmon.out core.[0-9][0-9][0-9] \
      *perl.core MYMETA.json \
      perl.exe blib/arch/auto/ShoppingCart/extralibs.ld \
      pm_to_blib ShoppingCart.exp \
       blibdirs.ts \
      perl
    rm -rf \
      blib
    mv Makefile Makefile.old > /dev/null 2>&1
    rm -f \
      Makefile.old Makefile
    rm -rf \
      ShoppingCart-0.01


### Run two commands in sequence

    $ x pt
    perl Makefile.PL
    Checking if your kit is complete...
    Looks good
    Writing Makefile for ShoppingCart
    Writing MYMETA.yml and MYMETA.json
    make test
    cp lib/ShoppingCart.pm blib/lib/ShoppingCart.pm
    PERL_DL_NONLAZY=1 /usr/bin/perl.exe "-MExtUtils::Command::MM" "-e"
    "test_harness(0, 'blib/lib', 'blib/arch')" t/*.t
    t/ShoppingCart.t .. ok
    All tests successful.
    Files=1, Tests=1,  0 wallclock secs ( 0.03 usr  0.02 sys +  0.03 cusr  0.05 csys =  0.12 CPU)
    Result: PASS


### xa (run all commands) exists, may not be helpful depending on command order


### Add more files in other directories

    $ pwd
    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart

    $ cd ..

    $ ls
    ShoppingCart  www

    $ cd www

    $ f h page/
    items.html          login.html          shopping_cart.html

    $ f h page/shopping_cart.html

    $ f j script/cartItems.js

    $ f c style/home.css

    $ f
    Project: s (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    h shopping_cart.html                /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Change to the directory of a given file

    $ . d s # you can do it without the '.' if you set up alias d='. d'

    $ pwd
    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib

    $ . d c

    $ pwd
    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style


### Use af to locate and add more files

    $ pwd
    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart

    $ export AF_DIR=`pwd`

    $ af html
    0 ./www/page/items.html
    1 ./www/page/login.html
    2 ./www/page/shopping_cart.html


### Use v to assign full file paths to shell variables

    $ . v # you can do it without the '.' if you set up alias v='. v'
    j=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script/cartItems.js
    t=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t/ShoppingCart.t
    h=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page/shopping_cart.html
    s=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib/ShoppingCart.pm
    c=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style/home.css
    m=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/Makefile.PL
    l=/home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page/login.html

    $ cp $l $l.sv

    $ cp $s $l

    $ less $l


### Copy projects with 'p cp'

    $ p
    Projects:
      f          rpg fight simulator
      go         getopts experiment
      sst        shell script template
    * s          Shopping Cart

    $ p cp s sw
    Project: sw (Shopping Cart)
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    l login.html                        /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Then rename the new project

    $ p sw 'Shopping Cart (rework)'
    Project: sw (Shopping Cart (rework))
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    l login.html                        /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Move projects with 'p mv'

    $ p mv sw rw
    Project: rw (Shopping Cart (rework))
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    l login.html                        /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t


### Search projects with 'p \?text'

    $ p \?shop
    Projects:
      rw         Shopping Cart (rework)
      s          Shopping Cart

    $ p ?rework
    Project: rw (Shopping Cart (rework))
    Current files:
    j cartItems.js                      /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/script
    c home.css                          /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/style
    l login.html                        /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/www/page
    m Makefile.PL                       /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart
    s ShoppingCart.pm                   /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/lib
    t ShoppingCart.t                    /home/dbradford/shopping_cart/ShoppingCart/t
